[website] update supported browsers (#2864)
semrush/intergalactic: website/docs/get-started-guide/dev-starter-guide/dev-starter-guide.md

## Browser support

We don’t support legacy browsers. Our design system targets modern evergreen browsers.

### Actively tested and supported

We run automated tests on every release in the following browsers and guarantee quality for the last 3 versions of:

- **Chrome**
- **Firefox**
- **Safari**

> These are the browsers we own. If something breaks here, we fix it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the browsers we actively support. If something breaks here, we fix it.
```
I'd replace this word, otherwise it sounds a bit funny :)
